Restructure API docs (#7769)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/apidocs-mxsdk/apidocs/studio-pro/extensibility-api/_index.md

---
title: "Extensibility API"
url: /apidocs-mxsdk/apidocs/extensibility-api/

> description: "The Extensibility API interacts with a curated list of internal systems of Studio Pro."

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by "curated list", I can't see this phrase in the doc itself.

Author: It is in the **Introduction** section.

`The Extensibility API is an API that allows developers to interact with a curated list of internal systems of Studio Pro. This documentation provides guides and reference documentation for the Extensibility API.`

But maybe "curated" could indeed raise some questions. Shall I change it to something else?

Reviewer: I see the phrase now - doesn't make any more sense to me in context.
I think we should try to be a bit simpler. How about
```suggestion
description: "The Extensibility API allows your custom Studio Pro extensions to interact with some internal services of Studio Pro."
```

Author: This looks good! Thank you!
